Nice that you looked back took k
music videos now what the physical
well, and we'll make you a hudson
and I do not have that
I was not there until Copenhagen
invited at known
this is one of the type trabert
close patient monitoring and personal
there is this drink usual and me
thought it was so amazing that I did that
absolutely wants to share with you
and I have to say if it's you
interested remains easy
and as usual our ingredients for
this awesome drink this hudson amon
syrup pro7 third without cinnamon stick and
a vanilla pod and a bottle where
this amount of fluid fits in a bit
About Lithuania Litern is actually going
he makes a dark bottle or yes
Do not take a bottle but you have to
then put it in the dark first
we do
the vanilla pod her easy
cut out
so the first step is carmen syrup
is not quite live they can
to do my whole thing
then it would be sweeter because there is yes
he too hears a song yes I live 280
visitors 200 milliliters good two
Third, that's the rest when I'm there
we can not do that in there
arrived more
but then I can still clean
protect
next through the centers and rhine
I wake up the vanilla bean
I also read that completely
you also cut it small so I do it
so far the rustic way and now
through the ground to
I make the bottle to taste it
a bit you should at the beginning of the
do first six weeks over and over again
do not do a bit every day
shake properly
he should not do it but one like that
Pivot that whole thing
mixed nicely and after six weeks
is this drink ready there it can
already enjoy
I've heard that before people
meanwhile that was also the years
can or always can stand
Better and better, better and better
In any case, I think it is too
Christmas a nice gift or
even a present and something for christmas
is there better like a gift where
you made yourself and also a
I have to say that, too
Have fun imitating and well
gets